---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E1 UI Basics Technical Essay
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-02-01
labels:
  - Education
  - Learning
--- 

WODs/BrowserHistory1 was the most difficult assignment between all WODs for me. It took me really long time to finish WODs/BrowserHistory1 because it was the first time for me to do such a technical coding assignment. Through the first assignment, I learned that everything can be changed even just one code lacks. Also, I learned the importance of completing all instructions one by one to do exactly the same as what the professor does. 

I knew I could not finish the WODs/BrowserHistory1 in 20 minutes in the beginning, so I started working on it with a timer but without screen recording. As I expected, it took an hour to finish all of the instructions. When I do it the second time, I also used a timer but without screen recording and finished it in 30 minutes. However, it took 21 minutes even I did it the third time. I submitted the screen recording of the third time, but I felt that I need to practice typing code fast and precisely to complete WODs/BrowserHistory1 perfectly.

Compared to WODs/BrowserHistory1, WODs/BrowserHistory 2 and 3 were easy and simple. I took screen recording from the beginning, but I still could complete both assignments in 15 minutes. 
When I was working on the WODs/BrowserHistory 2, I drag the HTML file into the browser. However, the web file did not follow the orders that I mentioned in my CSS file. I understood there must be a problem with my <link> code. It was a little confused for me because I could not link my CSS file into the HTML file even I tried many times. Later on, I figured out that I put my HTML and CSS file into two different folders. I felt achievement because I could find a problem and solve it by myself even it was just a small problem. I would like to learn and improve more skills to be a person who can solve such problems by myself.