---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E3:  Preparing for WODs Essay
date: 2020-02-17
labels:  
  - Education
  - Learning
---
  
The web page I created through WODs/Invoice1 is a sales receipt for a sale that contains five different products. The sale receipt was created by using HTML and JavaScript in an HTML file. Also, the main calculation is through Java script. 
For further details of this WODs/Invoice1 project, please check this link: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html

I tried to work on Invoice1 by only reading the instruction, no instruction video. However, that makes me really worry whether I did right or not. From Task4, I just went to check the video which the professor provided because I was not sure how to get the total price with JavaScript, and I also took a look at the Tasks I did. Later on, I started working on Task4. I think I did fine in Task1, 2, and 3. Thanks to the video, I completed Invoice1 successfully.

It was really difficult for me to work on it without the instruction video, but I would like to improve myself step by step. I hope someday I will be able to finish most of the projects without the instruction video. 

WODs before this invoice1, I used HTML and CSS mainly to create and design web pages. However, Invoice 1 was intended to create a sale receipt to make it easy to see and how efficient we can make it. Also, it was the first time to use JavaScript in WODs. 

To be better prepared to work on the next WODs, I should have practice reading many instructions and try to do it without video. No matter I am not sure, I should have done it once and go to check the video.
