---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4: Progress in Programming Report
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-02-17
labels:
  - Education
  - Learning
--- 

My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:

I believe my programming skills and my understanding of it have greatly improved compared to the beginning of this semester. 
In the beginning, I was confusing about the difference in languages, such as HTML, Javascript, and CSS. However, through many assignments and practices, I started figuring out what kinds of rules those languages have and how those languages work with what kinds of code.
Also, my understanding of code improved a lot. In the beginning, I could not even understand which codes make my web page changed. Even I had tried to do it without screencasts when I do homework, I completed most of the homework by watching the screencast after all because I cannot finish by myself. However, based on many WODs and especially Assignment1, I think my understanding of code increased. 
I understood it just will make me more tired if I tried to copy the code I do not know. I should understand the meaning of all code in my file because even one slash, one dod, or one word, can mess up my whole code. Curiously, if I use only codes I know, that makes me feel I did the work easily.

I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:

There are several skills I do not understand, but I am actually not really sure what skills I do not understand. Therefore, I should review every programming skill by watching all lecture videos.
Sometimes, there is a problem with my code, and my web page does not work as I wish. It can take me 5 or 6 hours easily to try to fix the problem. However, if I ask Professor Port for help, he will find the problem of code in a few minutes. That really made me feel it is like magic, but the professor said it is not magic. That words made me feel I really need to practice more and review all skills I learned to be able to find and fix the problems by myself. I really need more efforts and time to spend on improving my programming skills. 

I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions first:

I believe that my skills and knowledge are improving step by step, but I still need more practice and time to be able to complete WODs without screencasts.

The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:

I am able to complete most of the labs, but I am still confused about the hits and spins part. Therefore, I need to go through lab 6 again. 

I feel ready I am ready to work on the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications like Assignment 1):

I would like to review all labs and WODs again before starting working on new assignments, but I feel ready to learn new skills and spend time to improve my skills. 

I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:

To be honest, due to the lack of my English skills, I really cannot understand lectures well by attending classes once. To acquire new skills and knowledge from classes, I think I should review the lecture video twice to learn as much as possible. 

These are things that work really well for my learning in this class:

In classes, Professor Port teaches us the basic ideas of everything, such as what requesting HTTP-server is, why, and how to use URL address in the browser. That knowledge is really helpful to learn code and use it. he web page I created through WODs/Invoice1 is a sales receipt for a sale that contains five different products. The sale receipt was created by using HTML and JavaScript in an HTML file. Also, the main calculation is through Java script. 
For further details of this WODs/Invoice1 project, please check this link: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html

I tried to work on Invoice1 by only reading the instruction, no instruction video. However, that makes me really worry whether I did right or not. From Task4, I just went to check the video which the professor provided because I was not sure how to get the total price with JavaScript, and I also took a look at the Tasks I did. Later on, I started working on Task4. I think I did fine in Task1, 2, and 3. Thanks to the video, I completed Invoice1 successfully.

It was really difficult for me to work on it without the instruction video, but I would like to improve myself step by step. I hope someday I will be able to finish most of the projects without the instruction video. 

WODs before this invoice1, I used HTML and CSS mainly to create and design web pages. However, Invoice 1 was intended to create a sale receipt to make it easy to see and how efficient we can make it. Also, it was the first time to use JavaScript in WODs. 

To be better prepared to work on the next WODs, I should have practice reading many instructions and try to do it without video. No matter I am not sure, I should have done it once and go to check the video.
