---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6  Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-05-14
labels:
  - Education
  - Learning
--- 

<strong>1. Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)</strong>

The main purpose of assignment2 is to create a register and login page which connects to the invoice page. The key point here is to save user information on the server when the user registers and provide an invoice if user information entered matches the user information saved in the server when the user login. 

Here is the link to the Assignment2 instructions: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2.html


<strong>2. Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?</strong>

I learned the meaning of "use only code I know". In assignment1, I learned that I should not use the code I do not know. Therefore, I tried to complete assignment2 with code I know. However, there were many things that I cannot do with my knowledge. After professor Port posted his sample file, I copied the code that I think I understand, but it just made my code messed up. That just made me more frustrated and despaired. Finally, I went to ask professor Port for help, and I could complete my assignment2. I should have used code only I can really use. The one more important thing I learned is to ask professor Port for help before makes the problem becomes complicated.


<strong>3. Describe what you are most proud of about your system:</strong>

I worked by myself!


<strong>4. Describe what you are least happy with your system:</strong>

I got help by asking some questions by email to professor Port and zoom with him. I asked for help to solve some problems with my web page, for example, sending products data in display page to invoice page, displaying username on invoice page after user login, and connecting login page and register page by sending products data.


<strong>5. How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?</strong>

In assignment1, I could complete most of the things with the code that I learned through the labs. Also, I added some code to design my webpage. However, in assignment2, I needed to use the same code that I learned through labs, but also create different codes with the knowledge and skills that I learned.

<strong>6. When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?</strong>

a)	30% for thinking about and searching how to do
b)	10% for writing code
c)	60% for testing and debugging


<strong>7. Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?</strong>

I worked well with this project to create a CSS file for each login and register page, save user data on my server, and connect the login page to the invoice page. 
I worked not well with this project to connect the login page and register page, and send data of product quantity entered in the display page whenever move to other pages.


<strong>8. Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?</strong>

I would definitely use only code that I understand completely. I would create a to-do list before starting to work on asssignment3, tried to do it step by step.

<strong> 9. What did you learn from doing this assignment? </strong>
<strong> 10. If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change? </strong>
<strong> 11. Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging </strong>
<strong> 12. Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)</strong>

